[DOP-15749] - separate ReadOptions into ReadOptions and SQLOptions (#272)
MobileTeleSystems/onetl: docs/changelog/next_release/272.feature.rst

> ``ReadOptions`` and ``SQLOptions`` have been separated for JDBC connections. ``SQLOptions`` is now required for ``.sql`` method calls

Reviewer: Это можно понять как "метод .sql не будет работать без SQLOptions". Давай переформулируем

Reviewer: Также стоит добавить, чем эти классы различаются

Reviewer: > Также стоит добавить, чем эти классы различаются

С смысле чем они различаются для пользователя. Например тем, что в один можно передать `partitioning_mode`, в другой нельзя. В один можно не передавать lower/upper bound при num_partitions>1, в другой обязательно их передавать.

``ReadOptions`` and ``SQLOptions`` have been separated for JDBC connections. ``SQLOptions`` are recommended for the ``.sql`` method in JDBC connections.
``SQLOptions`` do not support ``partitioning_mode`` and require explicit definition of ``lower_bound`` and ``upper_bound`` when ``num_partitions`` is greater than 1.
``ReadOptions`` allow the inclusion of ``partitioning_mode`` and automatically handle ``lower_bound`` and ``upper_bound`` based on the data distribution

> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     from onetl.connection import Postgres
> 
>     postgres = Postgres(...)
>     df = postgres.sql(
>         """
>         SELECT id, key, CAST(value AS text) value, updated_at
>         FROM some.mytable
>         WHERE key = 'something'
>         """,
>         options=Postgres.SQLOptions(
>             partition_column="id",
>             num_partitions=10,
>             lower_bound=0,
>             upper_bound=1000,
>         ),
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Before:

.. code-block:: python

    from onetl.connection import Postgres

    postgres = Postgres(...)
    df = postgres.sql(
        """
        SELECT *
        FROM some.mytable
        WHERE key = 'something'
        """,
        options=Postgres.ReadOptions(
            partitioning_mode="range"
            partition_column="id",
            num_partitions=10,
        ),
    )
    
After:

.. code-block:: python

    from onetl.connection import Postgres

    postgres = Postgres(...)
    df = postgres.sql(
        """
        SELECT *
        FROM some.mytable
        WHERE key = 'something'
        """,
        options=Postgres.SQLOptions(
            # partitioning_mode is not supported!
            partition_column="id",
            num_partitions=10,
            # this should be set explicitly!
            lower_bound=0,
            upper_bound=1000,
        ),
    )
```
